Move ExecutionTimeout to CommonServerPython (#40862)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_41_12.md

#### Scripts

##### CommonServerPython

> Updated the **CommonServerPython** script to add a context manager for limiting code execution time. This helps prevent commands from being abruptly ended by the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a context manager for limiting code execution time. This helps prevent commands from being abruptly ended by the server.
```

Author: Updated
